Recon/Enumeration:
------------------

  In this phase you're gathering information about the target.
  Who/What is the target?
  What ports are open?
  What services are running?
  What do those services do?
  What versions are these services?
  Are there any subdomains or interesting web-directories?

Look for vulnerabilities:
-------------------------

  This stage will highly depend on the context of the target.
    Is it hosting a web application?
    Is it a domain controller?
    Does it have a file share?
    Do the services running have any known vulnerabilities?
    Does the service running take input? (Can we manipulate this in sone way?)
    

Exploit those vulnerabilities:
------------------------------

  Web:
    SQL Injection - Used to query/modify database tables (Good for getting usernames and passwords/hashes)
    File Inclusion/Path Traversal - Used to read files stored on the target
    File upload - Can be used to get a reverse shell
    Command injection - Can be used to read files on the target or gain a reverse shell

Gain a shell:
-------------

  Once you've gained a shell you have direct access to the target machine.
  Once you gain a shell (depending on how you gained it) you may need to upgrade your shell:
    Check if they're using python = python --version
    python -c 'import pty;pty.spawn("/bin/bash")'
    export TERM=xterm
    "Ctrl + Z"
    stty raw -echo
    fg
    (Once you are done with your netcat shell, and you return to the terminal on the attacking computer, you will need to run reset to undo the changes we made in step 5 (stty raw -echo).)
  Once you're on the target machine you will need to do further enumeration:
    Who is the user that you have access to?
    What access do they have?
    What is the OS running? (Are there any known exploits?)
    Check if you have any write permissions inside the path variable: echo $PATH
    Check environment variables to see if there's any interesting information in there
    Check the kernal version to see if there's any known exploits
    Check if your user has any sudo permissions
    Check the version of sudo to see if it might be a vulnerable version
    Check if there's any drives mounted or unmounted
    Check for the version of the installed packages and services
    Take a look at what processes are being executed and check if any process has more privileges than it should
    Check cron jobs to see if there's anything running with a higher privileged user and what RWX permissions are set
    Check Linux binaries on the target with GTFOBins
    Check Windows binaries on the target with LOLBAS
    Try running LinEnum/LinPEAS for Linux and WinEnum/WinPEAS for Windows
    Check to see if there are any other users on the machine
    Look for sensitive files
    Look for binaries running as a privileged user (SUID bits set)

Escalate privileges:
--------------------
